Words are flowing out like endless rain into a paper cup, They slither while they pass, they slip
away across the universe. Pools of sorrow waves of joy are drifting through my opened mind,
Possessing and caressing me. Jai guru deva om Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's
gonna change my world. Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world.
Images of broken light which dance before me like a million eyes, They call me on and on across
the universe, Thoughts meander like a restless wind Inside a letter box they Stumble blindly as
they make their way Across the universe Jai guru deva om Nothing's gonna change my world
Nothing's gonna change my world. Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change
my world. Sounds of laughter shades of life are ringing Through my open mind inciting and
inviting me. Limitless undying love which shines around me like a million suns, And calls me on
and on across the universe Jai guru deva om Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna
change my world. Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world. Jai
guru deva Jai guru deva Jai guru deva Jai guru deva They're gonna put me in the movies They're
gonna make a big star out of me We'll make a film about a man that's sad and lonely And all I
gotta say is act naturally Well, I'll bet you I'm gonna be a big star Might win an Oscar you can
never tell The movies gonna make me a big star 'Cause I can play the part so well Well I hope
you come and see me in the movies Then I know that you will plainly see The biggest fool that
ever hit the big time And all I gotta do is act naturally We'll make the scene about a man that's
sad and lonely And beggin down upon his bended knee I'll play the part but I won't need
rehearsal All I gotta do is act naturally Well, I'll bet you I'm gonna be a big star Might win an
Oscar you can never tell The movies gonna make me a big star 'Cause I can play the part so well
Well I hope you come and see me in the movies Then I know that you will plainly see The
biggest fool that ever hit the big time And all I gotta do is act naturally Oh ain't she sweet, Well
see her walking down that street. Yes I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet? Oh ain't she
nice, Well look her over once or twice. Yes I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she nice? Just
cast an eye In her direction. Oh me oh my, Ain't that perfection? Oh I repeat Well don't you think
that's kind of neat? Yes I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet? Oh ain't she sweet, Well
see her walking down that street. Well I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet? Oh ain't
that nice, Well look it over once or twice. Yes I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she nice? Just
cast an eye In her direction. Oh me oh my, Ain't that perfection? Oh I repeat Well don't you think
that's kind of neat? Yes I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet? Oh ain't she sweet, Well
see her walking down that street. Well I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet? Well I ask
you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet? Whenever I want you around, yeh, All I gotta do Is
call you on the phone And you'll come running home, Yeh, that's all I gotta do. And when I
wanna kiss you, yeh, All I gotta do Is whisper in your ear the words you want to hear, And I'll be
kissing you. And the same goes for me whenever you want me at all, I'll be here, yes I will,
whenever you call, You just gotta call on me, yeh, you just gotta call on me. And when I wanna
kiss you, yeh, All I gotta do Is call you on the phone And you'll come running home, Yeh, that's
all I gotta do. And the same goes for me whenever you want me at all, I'll be here, yes I will,
whenever you call, You just gotta call on me, yeh, you just gotta call on me. Close your eyes and
I'll kiss you, Tomorrow I'll miss you, Remember I'll always be true, And then while I'm away, I'll
write home every day, And I'll send all my loving to you. I'll pretend I am kissing, The lips I am
missing, And hope that my dreams will come true, And then while I'm away, I'll write home
every day, And I'll send all my loving to you. All my loving, I will send to you, All my loving,
darling, I'll be true. Close your eyes and I'll kiss you, Tomorrow I'll miss you, Remember I'll
always be true, And then while I'm away, I'll write home every day, And I'll send all my loving to
you. All my loving, I will send to you, All my loving, darling, I'll be true, All my loving, I will
send to you. Sunrise doesn't last all morning, a cloudburst doesn't last all day. Seems my love is
up and has left you with no warning. But it's not always going to be this grey. All things must
pass, all things must pass away. Sunset doesn't last all evening, a mind can blow those clouds
away. 
